feat: english curriculum block 7 (#58015)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/24-b1-english-for-developers/learn-how-to-use-conditionals/67863e4b91b5617a6a7dedb1.md

`Smaller companies that depend on TechCorp's funding would be particularly vulnerable. Without that support, many could struggle to survive. While new investments could help, it doesn't seem very likely.`

`For now, the industry waits anxiously, hoping for a change that could stop more problems from spreading.`

Why is TechCorp's potential collapse a concern for the tech industry?

## --answers--

Because it is no longer relevant in the industry.

### --feedback--

The text describes TechCorp as a major player, not irrelevant.

---

Because it doesn't have any partnerships.

### --feedback--

The text emphasizes that TechCorp has numerous partnerships, making its collapse significant.

---

Because it could cause big problems through the sector.

---

Because it only works with smaller companies.

### --feedback--

The text mentions that TechCorp works with many firms, not just smaller ones.

## --video-solution--

3

# --explanation--

> The article describes TechCorp as a `major player` in the tech industry. Its potential collapse could cause `big problems for the whole sector`, disrupting numerous partnerships and leading to job losses. This highlights the critical role TechCorp plays in the industry, and its downfall would have far-reaching consequences.

Author: ```suggestion
The article describes TechCorp as a `big company` in the tech industry. Its potential collapse could cause `big problems for the whole sector`, disrupting numerous partnerships and leading to job losses. This highlights the critical role TechCorp plays in the industry, and its downfall would have far-reaching consequences.
```
